as I walk through the valley where I
harvest my weed Gary chuckles it's okay
I mean we're not doing speed trying to
make a buck jump some harmless marijuana
its medical y'all it's just flora and
fauna every Wednesday I wake up and I
get the morning paper if I jab after jab
from Maggie and mr. Baker it may look as
though I may be lacking piety but hey
you can find worse things at J&J variety
if they shut me down I guess it's no
more crap a close-up the doors like the
outlaw cafe I'm keepin it legal that's
easy to see every child in town is lined
up to help me we're getting high off
life living in a STONER
for Christ's owners left feed was
overpriced living in the stoners
paradise I'm a thousand feet away from
every Church in every school that is of
course if you measure from CPC pool but
let's not get all caught up on rules and
logistics my game is marijuana not
geometry of digits so I'll sit up here
in my big golden tower and my
relationship with dear life runs a bit
sour you don't understand
there's no peace for disease the smoke
some marijuana let's bring back the palm
trees the pods has made me famous like
Rosie O'Donnell I kind of got the
munchies anyone up for Madonna so dear
let's get up on back in these for an
hour or I'll SiC on you my walk dog beat
mister Neubauer there's a way I can go
to word today I'm just too freaking
hurry I'm just laying on the couch all
day please tell my boss I died he's been
spending most our lives living in a
stone
paradise I got stoned and ate some mice
living in the stoners paradise
I smoke out of a weird device living in
a stoners paradise smoking weed is my
advice living in the stoners paradise